Fuck the aaa if it really is
expert fighting your mother
combat specialist is what my
pinto was a deadly karsum stab
Nima is ugly when it happened a lot
brightness and support for some
game when you jump from a place well
high type adora sells for top
of that red flag would first be
climbing that building is the only way
the top is not clear how many points put right
I can handle this joke.
I think about 50 you pay them
come on come on come on know
a little tip appears to still be
A very well, you see that building.
champion but keeping track of the holes that
They seem more windows to try to reach
Until what I understand I think it's no use
will not make it
Peraí leaves her there left the window goods
Congratulations on your face, so alive for
It does not matter to you, you're a bastard.
Look, see I can climb.
You are the worst level since it exists but it is
but nobody knows I'm there I 'm
I'm an outside incognito but you
do not even know who covers not mean
that 6 means no one can see me
Your eyes are very well seeing this.
Understanding this, it's okay, you have to
to have gone a little later for the
left is super and so again
It'll finally get to me a little bit.
Understanding your beauty then going up that one.
You 're almost there.
This is the fucking day.
whole to get there is almost there
very well it seems I still have
who climb this stick two there, that's it
almost there my brother you 're going
good
for the doctor who does not know how to stay
my own bed well since that way
Thank you, I think it's good, this shit is worth it.
sorry I do not even worth installing
this building when you get to the top
It has a beautiful wink.
The kibon is very loud and wants to
still do not know you still have to
descend to die
Okay then I should use the parachute it is
You use the parachute when you know it.
popular then of Chinese wuppertal is when
jump from the building you near x and when
you are losing altitude
You tighten all your strength.
if you do not you can because the
People, I'm doing it right now.
Okay, I understood how it's expensive, do it soon.
well here we could
Got it there really got it now
I'll try to concentrate on the floor.
Every time I learn every day to know
for knowing and raising your hand
which how you paid a door